I guess I've killed Jack hey Jack I know
you suck at Minecraft so let me help you
we helped put you out of your misery
there you go there you go there you go
one slow ball yep there you go
put your misery it's because you said
you're sucking also I I just felt bad
letting you wander around you know being
sucky and all uh I would've enjoyed the
time with it easy kid four to six let's
go Hunger Games that was such a horrible
start please please oh one up undead
I'm dead well yeah we go oh come on he
has to be at least like I want it now
yeah okay we can do this Jack if you get
this night from all the way over here I
will poop myself oh so close
Jack keep coming I just dropped an arrow
for you oh yeah oh I see it I see it
whoa Oh easy no dead yet I'm about to
die it's okay it's okay
almost Jack you're really tanking it for
us oh my god I'm about to die awesome I
know my way over yet but okay oh god
this could be the end of me
oh god I'm going
look I see you on that's all right with
you I'm right with you
good good good good good so is this guy
though well I think I think I just lied
a big cluster of people oh yeah everyone
in the house brilliant idea freakin
flint and steel does this guy have yeah
I'm on to us I'm on half I died okay get
him up never mind run away jack you got
this
Jack he's running away he's being a baby
he's being a big girl go get him
Jack you were so good at sniping anyway
I see a chest I said chest appear this
has got to be Tijuana I just can't look
out how you get to it I know how do I
get to it I see it
take full damage okay I just felt I
don't know where I am back Jack Jack
Jack Oh me Jack Jack
okay I'm coming boys easy oh my god
you're doing quite a bit of damage my
friend I see a name
I see another light to turn up oh god
snitch
oh god what do we do well sneak slowly
upstairs try and catch him and we're
okay there is I blew my glue I know
you've been bleep yourself
cabochon I'm going for the chase and
going for the chase I'm scared I'm
scared
no no you can use it you can use it
because you get ability you take oh no
another guys coming up oh come in weight
21 foot seconds you died